<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2015, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE pubsTopic PUBLIC "-//PTC//DTD PUBS DITA Topic//EN"
 "
 ">
<?Pub Inc?>
<pubsTopic id="AboutAugmentedRealityExperienceForC-9B685391"
xml:lang="en">
<title>About Augmented Reality Experience for CAD Design</title>
<prolog>
<metadata><keywords><keyword></keyword>
<indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords></metadata>
</prolog>
<pubsBody>
<p>You can quickly add an augmented reality (AR) experience for your
design from <ptcProduct
conref="conref_pn.dita#pubsTopic-1-A872B923/PTCCreo-EC6F7D2F"></ptcProduct
> and visualize it through <ptcProduct
conref="conref_pn.dita#pubsTopic-1-A872B923/ThingWorxView-BF836A0A"
></ptcProduct>. On the <uicontrol>Tools</uicontrol> tab, use the options
in the <uicontrol>Augmented Reality</uicontrol> group to define a
Spatial Target on which you want to augment your model and publish
it to a hosted <ptcProduct
conref="conref_pn.dita#pubsTopic-1-A872B923/ThingWorx-BF836144"></ptcProduct
> Experience Server.</p>
<p>You can publish the experiences of your design to the Personal
and Premium Experience Services, visualize them directly from <ptcProduct
conref="conref_pn.dita#pubsTopic-1-A872B923/ThingWorxView-BF836A0A"
></ptcProduct>, or share them with your colleagues.</p>
<p>You can publish up to five experience models of your design using
the Personal account. Publishing additional experience models will
delete the oldest experience model. An experience model will be automatically
deleted from the <ptcProduct
conref="conref_pn.dita#pubsTopic-1-A872B923/ThingWorx-BF836144"></ptcProduct
> Experience Service after six months of publishing. There are no
restrictions on viewing models published to the Personal Service.
Anyone who has the link to the experience model can visualize the
experiences published to a Personal Experience Service.</p><?Pub Caret 462?>
<p>You require a Premium account to publish experiences to a Premium
Experience Server for your organization. Publishing experiences to
a Premium Experience Server provides better control of publishing,
sharing, and viewing experiences. Administrators can add or remove
users, manage permissions, and manage experiences published to a Premium
Experience Service. One must be added as a viewer for an experience
model to be able to view the Experience</p>
</pubsBody>
</pubsTopic>
